e think a class that I wish I had taken that I didn't take waas. Maybe
a beginning nure Oh, science class. I took bio psychology, which maybe
was kind of like a beginning neuroscience class, but it was really
more focused on the field of psychology. Neuroscience is a much broader
umbrella. Um, and so I didn't really learn all about the different
aspects of neuroscience until I was in graduate school. Um, and
and at that point, it was almost expected that I had more knowledge
about this than I did. And so I kind of had to do some quick ketchup
work. Um, Thio kind of really appreciate the broadness of the field
of neuroscience. So it would have been nice to have had kind of much
earlier on, like, maybe even at the bachelor's level. I just kind
of, ah, basic neuroscience class.